Open Play games have no restrictions whatsoever, and have unlimited potential for creativity — perfect for both beginners and veterans alike. Open Play is also ideal for just putting your entire collection upon the battlefield and seeing what happens. This can provide exciting mass battles between forces that would never usually fight against each other.

The flexible nature of Open Play means that you are free to set your own objectives, special rules and anything else you want to do. You can create your own Scenarios, ally together any combination of models you can think of, or organise battles of any shape and size. Want to ally together your *Rohan* army with your *Mordor Orcs*? Well, you can! Want to try your hand at creating your own Scenario? You can do that too! The opportunities of Open Play are only limited by your imagination — if you can think of it, you can do it!

Playing Open Play games means that you are entirely free to tinker with whatever aspects of the Middle-earth Strategy Battle Game you wish. You could devise your own methods of deployment, such as writing down where your forces are hiding, or deploy in secret behind a screen. Some players have devised their own house rules for fighting in different areas of Middle-earth, and Open Play is the perfect place to try them out. Maybe you want to fight a coastal siege, or an intricate skirmish within the narrow tunnels of *Cirith Ungol* — Open Play allows you to let your imagination loose.

Open Play is also perfect for settling those 'What If?' Scenarios that everybody thinks up. 'What if Faramir had taken his Rangers to Helm's Deep instead of Osgiliath?', 'What if Elrond accompanied Aragon, Legolas and Gimli to find the Dead of *Dunharrow*, and fought at the Battle of Pelennor Fields?' Open Play finally allows you to find out the answers to these burning questions.

Open Play really does have limitless potential for players of all skill levels and gaming styles. So, what are you waiting for? Grab your collection of models and give Open Play a try!
